Update Buildkite sample CI config for dual full/diff, more detailed instructions (#1648)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-ci/sample-ci-configs.md

To add Semgrep into your Buildkite pipeline:

> 1. Prepare a configuration file to add a Semgrep scan as part of your pipeline. This configuration file can be stored within Buildkite or as a `pipeline.yml` file in the related repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare a configuration file to add a Semgrep scan as part of your pipeline. This configuration file can be stored within Buildkite or as a `pipeline.yml` file in the target repository.
```
Step 3 says "...within the target repository" so I think consistent use of "target" would be helpful

2. Copy the code snippet provided in [Sample Buildkite configuration snippet](#sample-buildkite-configuration-snippet), making alterations if necessary for your environment.
3. If you are using Buildkite to store the configuration, save the updated file. Otherwise, commit the updated `pipeline.yml` file into the `/.buildkite` folder within the target repository.

> 4. The Semgrep job starts automatically upon detecting the committed `pipeline.yml` file, or if you are using the Buildkite UI, you can select **New build**. You can view the job through Buildkite's interface by clicking **your repository > Pipelines**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The Semgrep job starts automatically upon detecting the committed `pipeline.yml` file. Alternatively, if you are using the Buildkite UI, you can select **New build**. You can view the job through Buildkite's interface by clicking **your repository > Pipelines**.
```

Author: Gonna add this, but I also realized the second instruction isn't quite right in the current BK UI, so I'll have to add another adjustment too.

:::note

> These steps can be performed from within Buildkite's interface. From Buildkite's main page, click **Pipelines > New Pipeline** to perform these steps within Buildkite's UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps can be performed within Buildkite's UI. To do so, navigate to Buildkite's main page, and click **Pipelines > New Pipeline**.
```

<TabItem value='buildkite-semgrep'>

The following configuration creates a CI job that runs scans according to the products you have enabled in Semgrep AppSec Platform. The provided environment variables are commonly needed to correctly configure scans from Buildkite.

> This file configures two alternative command paths, one for full scans, and one for diff-aware scans. The latter is used for pull or merge requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file configures two paths: one for full scans, and one for diff-aware scans. The latter is used for pull or merge requests.
```

Author: For this I realized I should probably use "mutually-exclusive command steps". Command is a step type in BK, and it's important for users to understand that there are two jobs but only one will ever be used for a given run if it's properly configured.

> In order for this configuration to run the correct type of scan, go to the pipeline **Settings** and select the connected source code manager in the left sidebar. In that section, make the following changes:

Reviewer: These steps need to be done in the Buildkite UI, right?

Author: yes, I should note that since the rest of it does!

1. Under **Branch Limiting**, enter your default branch name. You can include any other branch names that require full scans as well, such as `release-*`.
2. Click **Save Branch Limiting**.

> 3. Under the source code manager section, select the box for **Build Pull Requests**. Or for GitLab, when setting up the webhook, ensure that the **Merge request** event is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under the **source code manager** section, select the box for **Build Pull Requests**. For GitLab, ensure that the **Merge request** event is selected when setting up the webhook.
```

Author: The section isn't called "source code manager" so I don't think the first change is right - this is one of the things I wasn't sure how to represent. It's called after whatever the SCM actually is, so "GitHub", or "GitLab", for example.

Author: (The fact that you have source code manager settings and then another section under there with settings for the source code manager is...interesting.)

Reviewer: Oh, I see. Maybe something like "Under the section labeled with the name of your source code manager...?" If it's super confusing, a screenshot could be helpful.

Author: Yeah maybe a screenshot is the way to go. Let me try that out.

Author: OK, I ended up reworking this and added screenshots to the first part. The second is totally SCM dependent so I copped out and referred users to Buildkite. 😆 
I'll be out for next week, so please feel free to take this over, clean it up and merge if you're up for it!
